In this video, I'm gonna step you
through setting up the embedded ActiveMQServer.
So, I'm gonna come over here to
our Spring Boot application. And, what we
can do is we can do it right inside our
main method before we start up Spring. So,
I'm gonna start it right there. So, I'm
gonna come in and say ActiveMQ,
ActiveMQServer.
We'll just call that server like so.
It's gonna be ActiveMQServers like so. I'm gonna say newActiveMQServer, new ConfigurationImpl.
And, what we wanna do is come in here
and say .setPersistenceEnabled and we're gonna say
false.
.setJournalDirectory
and we are going to use our local build
our build director. So, that's gonna be
target/data/journal like so.
We're gonna disable security.
So, disabled security and then finally, we needed to
give it a way to connect.
So this gonna enabled communication within the vm
and got a little typo it's Configuration. It
should be add.
And, this configuration here, this is
directly out of the ActiveMQ
documentation about how to set up a
embedded server. So, this is right out
there direct recommendations are the base
documentation for this. You can see here
that it's unhappy about the exception. So,
I'm just gonna go ahead and add that
to the signature. And then, there's one
last final thing that we need to do here
and that's gonna be server.start()
like so. And, that is going to bring up
the server. So, what we've done here is we
set up a very minimal ActiveMQServer. This
is gonna start up with the Spring
Boot application and it's gonna run
for us. I'm not going to go into this too
in-depth because right now, this really
just to give us a opportunity to do a
hello world without bringing up an
actual ActiveMQServer. Most of the time,
you are gonna be running the separate
and outside of Spring Boot. Here, we are
doing it here so we can learn within a
single Spring Boot application. So, now
what I can do is I can come up here and
let's go ahead and we'll go ahead and
run this. We'll bring this up, make sure
that everything starts up properly.
And we got a fail to start.
I have a BindException so
address already in use. So, I got an
another one too. So, let me pause this
video real quick and find out what I
have running somewhere else. So, I found
the other application. Turned out to be
the beer services are still up and
running. So, I'm gonna go ahead and
restart this so it will restart this. You can
see there's a little chatter in there.
But we can see that the Apache MQ did
come up properly.
And this is an error here. So, I'm not
going to worry about this too much. That
we already have vm adapter already
registered. I am gonna say that is
okay because I've tested this
configuration and this does give us the
ability in message. Again, this is not a
normal configuration. I'm not too worried
about having this absolutely perfect
because you normally don't run an
embedded server like this. Here, we are
just setting things up to do effectively
a hello world so we wanna be able to
send out a JMS message and we wanna be
able to receive that before we start
worrying about actually setting up a
proper JMS messaging broker. So, we'll be
doing that later in this section. But for
now, the key takeaway is that we've added
in this ActiveMQServer. We're giving it
a minimum configuration so we're not
persisting anything. We're giving it a
general directory, setting security
enable to false so if anybody can
connect to our little JVM. And, we are
setting up by acceptor configuration
which seems to be tossing a little error
there. So, I'm not sure if it's not happy
about that but it's saying that acceptor
with our ID of zero is already
registered. So possibly, a duplicate
configuration. But again, this section
here, this is directly out of the
documentation for ActiveMQServer to set
up a embedded broker. So, it's perfect for
our needs but we'll be using this coming
up to start sending JMS messages.